<b>Lead Log #1</b>

HelloLog! Get it!? Like helloworld, but with log!... Ok whatever. I’m just writing this shit because one of my interns says she thinks I should write down my feelings. There was some drama within our Project Group. Someone messed with this person’s code, someone pushed the wrong things to version control. Whatever the fuck. And I just got mad and shouted at all of them… So I was surprised that they all looked surprised. So I ran out.

Obviously, Miss Katastrophe Kayla came running. She’s my favorite out of all of the interns assigned to me. But she’s full of bat shit. She was the only one who tried looking me in the eye when I talked. I mean, when you talk to someone, you don’t look at their eyes! That’s awkward. Just look at a computer screen or your phone! This kind of awkwardness makes me wonder how she passed the interviews, but I guess her knack at preventing catastrophic bugs that others couldn’t find mader her stand out. But yeah, she just walked into my office, took the seat opposite my table, and fucking put it right next to mine. She sat, and said “Do you wanna talk?”.

Naturally, I was confused. What kind of person would barge into someone’s space and bother to ask about how they’re feeling. A crazy person. A fucking crazy person. But I couldn’t say that to Kayla… so I said a few thing about how I was feeling. Idk, I guess it was nice. I tried looking into her eyes. For some reason, the green tint that was always there was more intense. Was she tearing up? Why? She had nothing to do with the problem or what I was feeling.

Before she gave me a hug (wtf), she told me to promise her to write a diary. I was going to say no, but she gave me a stern look. I said fine, but they’re logs. And the only fucker reading these is me, so stop reading if you’re not a 43 year old man who unironically likes listening to techno dubstep while coding all day.

So hi, yes, hello, this is Log #1. How do I feel? Well I’m in my office at <b><color="green">2</b></color> AM. I was too lazy to go home.

Ok, bi.
-        Nasir Ahmed

EDIT: My admins told me to make up an access code to a router in a secret part of the facility. They told me not to write it down, but I’m really shit at memorizing passwords. I fucking use Google Passwords for Pete’s sake. I’m just going to use these logs to think up an access code hint hint.
